The goal of this game is to reduce the enemy's life-energy to 0. There are
character, spell, trigger, and equipment cards.

Character Cards:

Fights opponent character cards or deals damage in some form, such as to
life-energy, to another character, etc.

Character cards have traits that can affect many things such as damage
taken. For example, if a character is human and a spell the opponent is using
affects humans more then it will do more damage or have more effect relative to
the amount of human that card is.

For combat they use A/AD/DD.  A character is in attack mode when they attack.
The attacks can be seen as spells that are used under attack conditions.  The
character's attack determines whether or not they make it through the enemy's
defense. There is a comparison between the enemy's defense in their current
mode (DA or DD) and the attacker's attack. If the attacker wins the opponent
loses their character.

    Scenario:

        Card A (A/AD/DD = 2/1/1) attacks Card B (1/1/1) and Card B is in attack
        mode: Card B is destroyed because Card A's ATTACK (2) is larger than
        Card B's ATTACK DEFENSE (1).

        A (2/1/1) attacks B (1/2/1) in attack mode: card A is destroyed
        (defender's AD >= attacker's A)

        A (2/1/1) attacks B (1/1/2) in defense mode: card A is destroyed (ties
        go to defender)

        A (2/1/1) attacks B (1/1/3) in defense mode: card A is destroyed

        A (2/1/1) attacks B (1/1/3) in attack mode: card B is destroyed


Character also have an HP mechanic. This is a separate reserve of points that
can be lowered by status conditions or spells.  The character can also die when
they lose all of their HP.

Cards with non-zero attack have a RANGE attribute that determines how many
zones they can attack "over" -- cards with range 0 must be in the front zone
to attack, with range 1 they can be in front or zone behind it.

Character can have ailments that affect their stats.

Ailments:

    Poison - Lowers the character's HP by X amonut of points for rand(0,6)
number of turns

    Burn - Lowers the character's attack/defense by X amount until cured

    Dizzy - Lower's the character's ability to defend for X amount of turns,
roll a die and if it is not 5,6 then the character successfully does the
intended action. Lasts for rand(0,4) turns

Character cards can have abilities that are invoked like spell cards.

Equipment Cards:

These cards alter one or many traits of the character it is played on until
that equipment is destroyed.

Spell Cards:

These cards are single use and alter some aspect of the game when played. Spell
cards have durations from instant to permanent.

Some spell cards have constant effects while 

Trigger Cards:

These cards are single use and trigger when a condition the player entered is
met. Trigger cards when triggered essentially become spell cards.

---

Attacking:

    If a card (which much in attack mode) attacks and:

        a) the enemy has no character cards, the attack must target the enemy's
life-energy

        b) the enemy has character cards but they are all in attack mode, the
attack can target any character (dependent on attacker's A and defender's DA);
or, it can target the enemy's life energy

        c) the enemy has defender cards, the attack must target one of the the
enemy's defender cards

    Characters are placed into numbered zones. Zones may not be empty, but
zones can be created "between" or "behind" other zones, moving some number of
zones forward.

    Defenders in a zone protect all zones behind them from attack until there
are no more defenders in that zone. The last zone (the zone closest to the
player) protects the player's life-energy.

---

Face

    Some cards can be placed face down:

    Character cards can be placed face down in attack or defense mode. They
cannot attack while face down, and if they are attacked they become face up.

    Spell cards cannot be placed face down.

    Trigger cards must be placed face down unless they are to be immediately
triggered. When a trigger card is triggered, it becomes face up.

    Equipment cards must be placed face up, even if they are equipped to a
face-down character card.

    Cards can be flipped from down to up during the move phase of your turn
but cards cannot be flipped from up to down without a special ability.

---

Zones

    For each player:

    All trigger, spell, and unattached equipment cards go in a special zone

    All characters go in a single zone, numbered from the zone closest to the
player to the zone farthest. There can be as many zones as there are
characters.

---

Turns:

    On your turn...

        1) you must draw 1 card.

        2) you can (as many of these as you want and in any order):

            (these actions apply only to cards in your field)

            a) activate any spells, triggers, or abilities

            b) play any number of cards

                i) if a character card, into any character zone

                ii) otherwise, into the special zone

            c) change any cards from attack to defense mode
            
            d) change any cards from defense to attack mode

            e) flip any face-down cards face-up

                (if they are spells or triggers this activates them)

            f) move cards in from one zone to another

                (this can create or destroy zones as needed)

            g) destroy any card, sending it to the grave

            h) attach an equipment card to a card

            i) detach an equipment card from a card

        3) you can attack with up to one card

        4) you can activate any spels, triggers, or abilities in play

        5) if there is a game limit on number of cards in your hand, you must
discard cards until that limit is met

        6) finally, you must end your turn

    At any point after your turn begins (including before you have drawn a
card) until you end your turn, you can change the conditions under which a
trigger activates.

---

Energy

    Some cards provide play-energy whenever they are in play and face up.

    Some cards require there to be a minimum play-energy in play before they
can be played.

    Play-energy combines from all sources and is equal for all players.

    If play-energy decreases and a card no longer has its minimum play-energy,
it cannot use any abilities (the effect of ongoing spells stop, triggers cannot
be triggered, and other activated abilities cannot be used) but a character
card can still attack, defend, move, turn face up, or switch modes.

---

Equipment

You can attach equipment (unless the equipment states otherwise) to any character
in your field, and detach and attach it as many times as you like.

When a card is desroyed that has equipment attached, the equipment is destroyed
too.

---

Grave

Your grave is a stack of cards where your destroyed cards go. Newly destroyed
cards go on top.

Discard

Your discard is a stack of cards where your discarded cards go. Newly discarded
cards go on top.

Game settings determine whether the grave and discard are the same.
